+++
author = "Charo Nuguid"
categories = ["meetup", "announcement", "rsvp"]
date = 2020-01-06T14:24:02Z
description = ""
linktitle = ""
title = "RSVP now for the January 2020 meetup"
type = "post"

featured = "GoManila.2020.01.png"
featuredalt = "GoManila 2020.01 Meetup"
featuredpath = "date"
+++

__Happy 2020, folks!__ We're kicking off the new year with our first meetup. This January 13 we'll be at WeWork Uptown BGC with two speakers from Brankas. The meetup would be great for beginners and advanced developers in Go. Don't know anything about the language? There's something for you too!

<!-- more -->
If you're a Go newbie or are interested on learning the language, you'll want to listen to Junior Systems Engineer __Carlos Daroya__. Before entering Brankas, he had no real-world working experience in software development and even less on Go. He will be talking about his experience learning the language and share the most important concepts he's learned so far.

Senior Systems Engineer __Daniel Marti__ will give a live coding demo on using the Go `chromedp` package, a high level Chrome DevTools Protocol client that simplifies driving browsers for scraping, unit testing, or profiling web pages using the CDP.

So, come on over! Remember to RSVP by clicking over to our [Eventbrite page](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/gomanila-mondays-wework-january-2020-registration-88610872505). Registration is free!

A few rules to remember:

* Don't forget to bring an ID. Government-issued or company-issued IDs are accepted as long as they are current. School IDs are also accepted.
* Don't wear shorts, flipflops, or sleeveless shirts. Essentially wear something that will allow the building security to let you in.
* Doors open at 6:30 p.m.
* Talks start at 7:30 p.m.
* Food and drinks will be served

Please bring your e-ticket so we can scan you in at the door!

#### See you at GoManila Monday!